Update dist names in core docs 3.0.0 - closes #613 (#618)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/update/application.adoc

= Application
Mona Bärenfänger <mona@lightcurve.io>
:description: The Lisk Core application update page describes how to upgrade Lisk Core to the latest version.
:toc:
:experimental:
:v_sdk: master
:page-next: /lisk-core/3.0.0/monitoring.html

> :page-previous: /lisk-core/3.0.0/management/binary.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:page-previous: /lisk-core/3.0.0/management/application.html
```

:page-next-title: Monitoring
:page-previous-title: Application commands

:url_sdk_commander_liskcore: {v_sdk}@lisk-sdk::reference/lisk-commander/user-guide/lisk-core.adoc
:url_sdk_commander_commands: {v_sdk}@lisk-sdk::reference/lisk-commander/user-guide/commands.adoc
:url_enable_forging: management/forging.adoc

> To upgrade Lisk Core from the Application please follow the instructions below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update the Lisk Core application please follow the instructions below.
```

> == Update with Lisk Commander application

Reviewer: This whole section should be removed here.

Author: Hi Mona, Am not sure exactly which part you are referring to here..?

Author: OK, I think this should be OK now, please have a look Mona, thanks :-)
